# Global Happiness Score and Freedom of Choice
## Intention
During August 2020–February 2021, the percentage of adults with recent symptoms of anxiety or a depressive disorder increased from 36.4% to 41.5%, and the percentage of those reporting an unmet mental health care need increased from 9.2% to 11.7%.  When looking at this data, I wondered if the pandemic caused the percentage to increase. During the pandemic, many people have limited accessibility, which means limited freedom. Furthermore, many people were forced to change their life choices due to the pandemic. For instance, one of my friends graduated from medical school. He was from Wuhan, China. He went back to China before the pandemic started, but he could not come back to the United States due to COVID-19 restrictions. Eventually, he could only stay in China and work at the hospital in China, which earns much less than doctors in the United States. I can imagine there’re many people who have similar experiences with him, and perhaps even their small choices are limited. Therefore, in this project, I would like to explore the relationship between people’s freedom to make life choices and happiness score, as well as comparing the data globally. 
## Target Audience
The target audience could be the general public, government and medical professionals. General public can have a better understanding on how one’s freedom may impact his/her happiness. The government can maybe polish and edit certain policies to decrease the occurrence of depression and anxiety in the nation. Medical professionals can take the result as a reference to plan out treatment to those who have symptoms of depression or anxiety. 
## Design Overview
The data is displayed through a smart dashboard. The side bar will show the title data for 2020 when users hover over any country on the map on the right side of the Dashboard. The two charts on the side bar will also change as users hover over different countries to show specifically the data changed for that country. The right side of the dash board is a choropleth map with a legend and geoOrthographic projection. The map would have zoom, rotate and hover over features and with graticule, so it’s easier for the audience to look at.
## Data
Source: Sustainable Development Solutions Network
https://www.kaggle.com/unsdsn/world-happiness
The data that I used to create the choropleth map was the world-110.json TopoJSON file. The happiness score and freedom of choice data was pulled from Kaggle, created by Sustainable Development Solutions Network. For each year from 2015 to 2020, they have a csv containing data with a happiness score for each country and several variables that might have impacted the happiness score for that year. In this project, I am only exploring the correlation between happiness score and freedom to make life choices, so I pulled out the values for these two variables from 2016 to 2020 and created a new csv file.
